---
layout: project
id: DCT192NF210
title:  Food Map
excerpt: In this module we are trying to create the Food Map of India.
category: project
topics: research coding
date:   2018-03-17
comments: true
points: 10
status: unsolved
author: aisik
submit: aisik.paul@xelpmoc.in
---
# Problem statement
In this module we are trying to create the Food Map of India.


## Sample
You can go through a few samples uploaded onto github at:
https://github.com/datasutram/datasutram.github.io/tree/master/innovation_labs/JU/data/excel


## Description:
Ingredients and accompaniments constitute a huge part of what we buy from stores on a regular day.  We are trying to identify major ingredients belonging to a particular cuisine and identifying its importance in the cuisine.  In this module you have to scrape online recipe sites belonging to a few cuisines like- Bengali, North Indian, Marwari, Gujarati, Punjabi, South Indian(and its subdivisions), North-eastern.  You can use python tools like Beautiful Soup and requests to fetch all the text and then apply Bag of Words to identify ingredients and find their importance by their frequency of usage. You have to scrape same number of recipe for every cuisine(you attempt) to reduce as much bias as possible and you will have to clean your data and store it in separate excel files.
Start off by identifying the websites which can be scraped, keeping in mind that we are trying to identify ingredients that may be required on a daily basis and not on occasions, hence choose the websites accordingly and scrape them.


##Basis of Judgement:
You will be judged on the number of cuisines you attempt and the number of dishes you scrape also on how clean your data is and how well its represented.
## Points:
10

## Days:
6-7

## Submission and Problems:
aisik.paul@xelpmoc.in
